My name is Gary Stevenson -  former trader and
people's economist. This is Gary's Economics.
Now today we're going to do something a little
bit different, since i started doing this channel
i've spoken a lot about how i made a lotof
money in the city and i've also spoken about
how i came from a poor background, we've had
a lot of messages from people who want to
know more about the background where i grew
up, if i really am from that kind of background
so recently my parents told me that um they're
selling the house and they're moving to south
coast somewhere so i figured i would bring
you to the house i grew up in and show you
what my life was like growing up
so here's the house i grew up in
- Hi Gary
Hey how's it going, go in shall we
okay so this is my old bedroom, it's pretty
different now, like growing up i used to
share this with my older brother so
there was like a bunk bedin this corner
and i was in the bottom bunk here
i could look outta this window um
yeah you can seeit's not massive
i used to keep all of my stuff in like
a couple of drawers that just went under
the bed um there was a computer here
my brotherused to learn to program which
someone from churchgave us for free
and hes a programmer now but yeah
i grew up here just sleeping under there
umyou can see there's a railway track
just back here, there's a train going past
um i've spoken a coupleof my videos
about how my dad used to wake up
really early like 5-5.30am and he would
go downto Seven Kings station and
he would get the traininto work every
morning and it would gopast here
and my mom would wake us up, we'd
look out and try and wave to my dad
see ifwe could see him on the train
like super early inthe morning
that's like one of my earliestmemories
growing up but yeah this ismy bedroom
where i grew up i shared it with mybrother
and um let's go down to the front room
okay so this is um this is the front room
this isthe biggest room in the house
the nicest room youcan see the
sun coming in from the windows
um growing up it was me, both my
parents and my brother and my sister
so it was often prettycrowded in here
um but i had a little mega drive
i'd play sonic the hedgehog down here
um now wheni was 16 i was expelled
from school and i remember at that time
i would wake up in the morningand um
there would be no one in the house
my parents would be at work and
mybrother and sister be at school so
that was the time when i would spend
the most time basically in this room
you know we didn't like have a desk
really in the house to study so we
used to get a littleplank of wood
and i'd put it on the floor here
and i would lie down here and
i would do all my maths homework
and my french homework for GCSEs
that's when i spent a lot of time in this
room andobviously that time was like
having beenexpelled from school
i was like very, it meanta lot to me
that i did well in the exams so i spent
alot of time lying down on this floor
studying and i did well
what did i get - 8 A*'s & 3 A's
study hard for your exams guys um
yeah that's thefront room and i think
we'll just show the bathroomand
the garden quickly yeah we do that
okay so this is the bathroom, i wanted
to showthe bathroom because i've got
a couple of memories of this bathroom
growing up um one thingi remember is
my first ever day interning atCitibank
when i was 20 years old, i had to get
intothe office at 7am it was in December
so that meantleaving here at 6am
and um i remember now we gotone of
these showers here you get this like little
stick on thing from Argos and you put it
on the tapsand then you like
you use this little shower head
you hold it, you sit in the bath
i remember likewaking up at like
5am and sitting in this like bath tub
which was very cold on a December
morning and showering myself up before
getting the train into Canary Wharf
for myfirst day at Citibank um
and i also rememberum the day after
i got expelled when i was 16
waking up andmy brother and sister
were at school, i think my brother was
already working then and my parents
were at work and um yeah waking up
the only personin the house and coming
down and sitting in thisbathtub
with this handheld this handheld shower
and um showering and watching
the water go downthe drain and uh
just watching the water go down
and thinking yeah that's going to
be your life if you don't do something
about it so umyeah that's why i was
studying so much in thatfront room
um that's the bathroom yeah so uh
my mom says you've gotta go to the garden
yeah so we'll go through to the garden yeah
just watch your footing around here
so this is the garden we do have a little bit of a
garden even though as i think you're about to see
there are trains going past right here this is
the main line out from Essex into London
yeah my mum wants to show the hydrangeas she's
been working on hard she's going to lose them
soon when she moves out but yeah we didn't spend
much time here the sun is on the other side um
but yeah i could see out from
the bedroom into here and um
yeah it wasn't too bad we've got some trees out
here in this, that's basically it one other thing
what was i supposed to show you yeah my little
clay painting i made when i was 12 little clay
portrait of the house so that's it yeah so it's
not a big house but it meant a lot to me and um
yeah this is where i grew up um it was small
it was crowded with five people but it was um
it was where i lived so yeah that's it we're
gonna show you a little bit outside the front
so this is the outside of the house i just
wanted to show a few things that have changed
basically since i was a kid so we used to have
like a kind of abandoned factory here at the end
that we would climb over the gates and play in
you can see now it's like a massive block of flats
that really like overlooks the street um yeah
i've got nothing against that but i guess it's
a bit strange for me like just being here when it
didn't used to be there big great block of flats
yeah i was talking to my mate the other day who
used to live down there so he doesn't like coming
down anymore just because it sort of
um makes him feel strange to see like
this massive block of flats where we used to be
able to see the sky i suppose there's another one
over there can you see the one there that's new as
well that used to be a swimming pool we used to go
for i think like one pound as kids go swimming
in the swimming pool that's a block of flats too
so there's no swimming pool now i think
these guys are getting loft conversion
there's another block of flats over there which i
think is just out of shot and beyond that there's
i think a 40-story block of flats um which
is massive there was nothing like that in
ilford when i was a kid growing up so yeah my
dad was saying it's just filling the place up
um yeah i know people need houses i'm not
complaining against it but just saying um
yeah this place has changed since i was a kid
a lot more flat a lot more crowded but um still
it's a nice street in a way i enjoy going up here
we're going to show a few things on the street
so this street like it don't connect to no street
so there's not a lot of trafficand the kids used
to play out on the road my mum says they still
do i used to know everyone, Aron one of my
best friends used to live here. Lee Joneslived
over there he wasn't one of my best friends
Andrew and John Parker lived here they were
goodguys i used to go around their house to
play megadrive before i had the megadrive
not just thatthey're my mates as well obviously
in case they'rewatching and uh Bradley used to
live there andthere was another Bradley with his
brother Justinand their little brother Ricardo
who liveup there yeah like all the kids will be out
in the street all the time playing and um it's
a Wednesday today so there's nobody playing
but i guess on a sunny day like this they
still do let's take it to the end of the street
it's funny like when i was a kid the street
seemed like so long you know what i mean
this is where Anthony Silverstone used to
live he was like my absolute idol growing up
very funny, very sporty guy and then this
wasKelly his next-door neighbour
*I've got a question- where did Tyrone live?*
Tyrone was like in the middle we ain'ttalking
about Tyrone man, Tyrone was trouble
still is probably, this was the Jattinder family
don't know their surname they come out and we
used to play football down here so we're gonna
show let's see this new sign i don't know if you
can see this no ball game sign i don't know when
they added that but you see down here at the end
there's this telegraph pole on this lamp pole
and uh obviously it's made for playing football
we used to play football here all the time these
houses weren't there it was like a kind of garden
like warehouse or something yeah we used to
play football it always used to go over into this
man's uh fence they put this this is new this
fence we used to keep the ball over all the time
and we had to go all the way around to climb over
and i remember one kid came down from a couple
streets down and he just jumped straight
over that wall like kicked off it and jumped
over it when we was about 15 and we was like
blew our minds but yeah we used to
play football down here all the time
there's a no ball game sign here now but i'm
guessing people probably still do play football
we'll show you the bridge yeah okay so this is the
bridge this goes over the railway and connects
my street to the rest of Ilford which
is on the north side of this railway
so my primary school my grammar school my
comprehensive school they're all on the other
side of this so i started crossing this every
single day from when i was 4 or 5 years old
i remember crossing it with my brother
as you can see it's a very long bridge
to be honest it was quite dangerous
growing up my dad was saying
that even now he won't cross it in the night
time, Anthony got beaten up one time on
this bridge and had to go hospital i remember
one time two guys tried to mug me just here
i remember just listening to them all the names
ofthe people that i knew hoping that we knew
someone because i lived literally just here
eventuallythey decided not to mug me so
but yeah i crossed this and back every day and
um it was dangerous and it was scary but um
if anything happened l just used to run away
sothat's how it is, I had a bright future i'm
not losing it to fight someone on this bridge
but yeah this iron bridge so well known in Ilford
this is where i come from if you come from a place
like this and you know it doesn't have to be in
London it could be in Manchester or Birmingham
or Newcastle or you know Northern Ireland, Wales
it could be in another country right if you come
for a place like this you're not going to hear
many voices like yours or like mine talking about
economics what you are going to hear is voices
paid for by billionaires telling you you shouldn't
tax billionaires now look i don't get paid to do
this youtube doesn't pay me to do this
thereason i do this is because i worked in a
city and my job was to analyze the economy and the
result of my analysis was if we don't do anything
people like me and the people here and from
places like here are going to struggle and
their kids lives will be even harder than their
lives and their lives will get worse over time
that's what will happen if we don't do anything
about wealth inequality but the newspapers which
are very often owned by billionaires and the
politicians who often are billionaires themselves
are not gonna to say that but i'm going to
say that because i want to make things better
so look there's a voice here that is representing
your interests in economics and um if you want to
make things better for ordinary people then
it's important that voice gets heard so check
out my website check out my videos, share this
voice and um let's let people know that the way
things go with the economy might be good for
thebillionaires and millionaires who talk on tv
but it's not good for ordinary people let's spread a
different message about how we can make the
world better for ordinary people like the people that
live here and the people who live where you live
and we're going to start that by talking
about the tax system in our next video
about what's happened to changes in a tax
system raising national insurance payments
which is ordinary tax on people like you while the
billionaires don't have to pay anything so yeah
check out my next video on tax
and share this video thank you
is that good? *yeah perfect*
-Hi i don't know if you can see the
likeness,he's short like me
you can't, we can't put that in!
- i'll do that again
no that'll probably work fine to be honest
yeah, i'm i'm i'm your mother I've been around a
bit longer than he has that's kind of important
isn't it? i'm really proud of you Gary
that'snice we'll put we'll put that bit instead
okay thanks. - No put the short bit in as well
OKthat's enough right it's enough okay good work